updating addon docs (#302)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/addons/premium/computed-fields/settings.md

---
id: settings
title: Settings
---

## Computed fields setting

> In this field, you write your program using a valid PHP language. Keep in mind that not all PHP features are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can input your FCL program. Check the _Computed fields intro_ chapter for the list of supported features.
```

> Under `Available field names, ` you can find a list of all fields defined inside your Block Editor and available as variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Available field names_ show all the form fields whose outputs are available as variables that can be used in an FCL program.
```

For example, if you have the field named `email`, you can use that field name as a variable to get the field value as `$email`.

:::caution

> If your field name contains special characters or spaces, we will convert it to `camelCase` and remove any special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a field name contains special characters or spaces, use the `camelCased` version of the name for the variable. For example, `my-field` becomes `$myField`.
```

:::

:::note

> This field supports a `code editor` experience, where you can use `tabs`, `undo`, and `syntax highlight`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code editor supports syntax highlighting, undos and indenting with tabs.
```

:::

![Computed Fields settings 1 screen](/img/forms/addon-computed-fields-settings1.webp)

## Output variables setting

> You must provide the variables you want to send as output data to prevent internal program variables from populating output data. The number of variables you can output is unlimited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variables sent as output data of an FCL program need to be specified manually. There is no limit for number of variables that can be output.
```

:::caution

> Every variable must be defined with a `$` sign and in a separate row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify one variable per line and prefix each with `$`.
```

:::

![Computed Fields settings 2 screen](/img/forms/addon-computed-fields-settings2.webp)

## Fake fields setting

> Fake fields will never be used on any front-end forms. They are here only for testing purposes. You can test all possible combinations for your program by providing different field values.
> 
> :::caution
> Fake fields support `JSON` format data.
> :::
> 
> :::note
> This field supports a `code editor` experience, where you can use `tabs`, `undo`, and `syntax highlight`.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Fake fields_ allow you to test an FCL program by providing test input data in JSON format. They will not be used on any user-facing forms.

:::note
The code editor supports syntax highlighting, undos and indenting with tabs.
:::
```

![Computed Fields settings 3 screen](/img/forms/addon-computed-fields-settings3.webp)

## Test your program

> The Addon plugin allows you to test your program without frontend forms from the WordPress admin.
> To use it, you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test an FCL program without having to build a form follow these steps:
```

> * Populate the `Computed fields` program.
> * Populate `Output variables` fields.
> * Populate `Fake fields` in the settings.
> * Save settings
> * Click `Test Computed` and preview program output under the `Output log` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the FCL program in the _Computed fields_ field.
* Populate _Output variables._
* Add test data into _Fake fields._
* Save the settings
* Click the _Test Computed_ button and check the _Output log._
```

> :::caution
> To test the computed field program, save all the settings and click the test button.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
